fmo-2	Up by E. faecium infection
comt-4	Up by E. faecium infection
irg-3	Up by E. faecium infection
hrg-3	Up by E. faecium infection
H40L08.2	Up by E. faecium infection
acs-2	Up by E. faecium infection
acs-2	Up by E. faecium infection
C23G10.11	Up by E. faecium infection
ttr-44	Up by E. faecium infection
gsto-1	Up by E. faecium infection
math-14	Up by E. faecium infection
cyp-13A7	Up by E. faecium infection
asm-3	Up by E. faecium infection
hrg-1	Up by E. faecium infection
T19C9.8	Up by E. faecium infection
sodh-1	Up by E. faecium infection
F41E6.5	Up by E. faecium infection
T07G12.5	Up by E. faecium infection
prpf-4	Up by E. faecium infection
T05E7.1	Up by E. faecium infection
cyp-37B1	Up by E. faecium infection
B0001.2	Up by E. faecium infection
C35C5.8	Up by E. faecium infection
R193.2	Up by E. faecium infection
W03D2.6	Up by E. faecium infection
F56C3.9	Up by E. faecium infection
hrg-4	Up by E. faecium infection
F43H9.4	Up by E. faecium infection
him-18	Up by E. faecium infection
F58B3.4	Up by E. faecium infection
ZK228.4	Up by E. faecium infection
F20G2.1	Up by E. faecium infection
math-3	Up by E. faecium infection
math-27	Up by E. faecium infection
mrp-5	Up by E. faecium infection
C35A5.6	Up by E. faecium infection
asp-10	Up by E. faecium infection
clec-70	Down by E. faecium infection
T05E12.6	Down by E. faecium infection
asp-12	Down by E. faecium infection
acdh-1	Down by E. faecium infection
Y53G8AM.5	Down by E. faecium infection
spp-12	Down by E. faecium infection
T05E12.6	Down by E. faecium infection
folt-2	Down by E. faecium infection
F42A10.7	Down by E. faecium infection
ugt-18	Down by E. faecium infection
F08G5.6	Down by E. faecium infection
msra-1	Down by E. faecium infection
srh-237	Down by E. faecium infection
F35E12.5	Down by E. faecium infection
ZK593.3	Down by E. faecium infection
pmp-5	Down by E. faecium infection
fbxa-72	Down by E. faecium infection
Y38F1A.6	Down by E. faecium infection
sams-1	Down by E. faecium infection
sams-1	Down by E. faecium infection
ech-9	Down by E. faecium infection
clec-72	Down by E. faecium infection
nhr-114	Down by E. faecium infection
C50F7.5	Down by E. faecium infection
spp-23	Down by E. faecium infection
sams-1	Down by E. faecium infection
C31H5.6	Down by E. faecium infection
Y38F1A.6	Down by E. faecium infection
T13F3.6	Down by E. faecium infection
Y46D2A.2	Down by E. faecium infection
nhr-68	Down by E. faecium infection
C18A11.3	Down by E. faecium infection
F13D12.6	Down by E. faecium infection
F21C10.9	Down by E. faecium infection
C17H12.8	Down by E. faecium infection
cln-3.1	Down by E. faecium infection
clec-67	Down by E. faecium infection
clec-67	Down by E. faecium infection
ZK6.11	Down by E. faecium infection
C45B2.1	Down by E. faecium infection
C49C8.5	Down by E. faecium infection
C17H12.8	Down by E. faecium infection
F31D4.8	Down by E. faecium infection
acl-1	Down by E. faecium infection