fmo-2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
acs-2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
clec-60	Up by E. Faecalis infection
acs-2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
H40L08.2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
Y65B4BR.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
T07G12.5	Up by E. Faecalis infection
W03D2.6	Up by E. Faecalis infection
mpk-2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
C23G10.11	Up by E. Faecalis infection
E02D9.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
far-7	Up by E. Faecalis infection
H02F09.3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
sodh-1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
C25H3.10	Up by E. Faecalis infection
F41E6.5	Up by E. Faecalis infection
C04G6.5	Up by E. Faecalis infection
ttr-44	Up by E. Faecalis infection
math-27	Up by E. Faecalis infection
H02F09.2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
C35C5.8	Up by E. Faecalis infection
cyp-37B1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
C46H11.2	Up by E. Faecalis infection
F09F7.6	Up by E. Faecalis infection
hsp-12.3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
F21C10.10	Up by E. Faecalis infection
F41C3.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
math-3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
irg-3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
ZC247.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
asm-3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
math-14	Up by E. Faecalis infection
aqp-1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
gsto-1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
R08F11.4	Up by E. Faecalis infection
H43E16.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
ZC443.3	Up by E. Faecalis infection
acs-11	Up by E. Faecalis infection
E02D9.1	Up by E. Faecalis infection
F11A5.9	Up by E. Faecalis infection
cyp-13A7	Up by E. Faecalis infection
T19C9.8	Up by E. Faecalis infection
prpf-4	Up by E. Faecalis infection
Y38H6C.8	Up by E. Faecalis infection
clec-70	Down by E. Faecalis infection
T05E12.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
spp-12	Down by E. Faecalis infection
Y53G8AM.5	Down by E. Faecalis infection
T05E12.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
asp-12	Down by E. Faecalis infection
acdh-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
folt-2	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F08G5.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
ZK593.3	Down by E. Faecalis infection
fbxa-72	Down by E. Faecalis infection
pmp-5	Down by E. Faecalis infection
srh-237	Down by E. Faecalis infection
C45B2.1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
msra-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
sams-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
Y38F1A.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F42A10.7	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F13D12.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
sams-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
clec-67	Down by E. Faecalis infection
clec-67	Down by E. Faecalis infection
nhr-114	Down by E. Faecalis infection
ugt-18	Down by E. Faecalis infection
C05D12.3	Down by E. Faecalis infection
T13F3.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
Y38F1A.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
sdz-6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
cln-3.1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
sams-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
Y46D2A.2	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F21C10.9	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F31D4.8	Down by E. Faecalis infection
F13D12.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
nhr-68	Down by E. Faecalis infection
ugt-16	Down by E. Faecalis infection
clec-53	Down by E. Faecalis infection
acl-1	Down by E. Faecalis infection
C31H5.6	Down by E. Faecalis infection
cyp-35A5	Down by E. Faecalis infection